It seems the doctor was right.
I really don't have many days left.
Dad, you have to study hard.
Grow up and go to a good university
trash
This month's results are not yet complete.
You can't buy the room.
You can't buy a car.
I was blind when I got married.
I am good to you.
What good is it to be nice to me?
I have to earn money so you can enjoy life.
That's good for me.
You see, when I was in college, money was tight.
Big Dragon
Now people are making 10 times more than you in a few months.
my whole life
He just failed like that.
What?
Is it okay to eat rice?
WeChat chat ok?
She respects him too much.
Go away, you must come back and ask me what the dog is doing?
Although not recently.
All are born by parents.
No one is seducing you to anyone, what do you want him to do?
Too not to worry me.
Sister, this is our classmate, Big Brother Ton.
Now Huada's business director.
Today, I just had time to invite my classmates to dinner.
I will take you there.
You tell our house.
Arrange a job for you
Don't say it, Ton Dai Lang.